
 MIAMI LIFE Saturday, January 27, 1927
 Page Two
 guarantees to take an ordinary MIAMI LIFES BEST JOKE OF
 sheet of _'aper, write a few mystic
 ||||||||1|||||IIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIH',I,,,H,,,,,,S,1,111111 j The Hialeah Hearth^ Knocks Em Cuckoo By Mail; Will the words thereon, enclose it in a THE WEEK
 Do You Gowf, Mister? Carrier Deliver? stamped envelope, after which, by MAN got a tip at the Miami
 a few peculiar twists of the hand,
 Jockey Club, straight from a
 GiyrANY. comments having come he addresses same, and the recipi guy who knows a friend of the
  iv Wumblv Suggest That You Try Out This Here V to notice about the healthy ent of the same will immediately trainer.
 !f You D> "urn' XVrjte (0 Te|, lJs H you comeback of Hialeah after the pay whatever debt he owes. The man placed $10, $10, $10.
 September storm, a little personal Miami Life, having great faith The horse won the race and paid
 NThink i( Could Be Changed for Better or for Worse. tour was made and reasons sought TTZORKING in conjunction with in the extreme, was that of stand in Oldwish, has agreed to furnish $24.50, $16.50, $6.80.
 ing on his head and reading Herald
 as to who was responsible for the Miami Life, Oldwish, the glut the paper and envelope, while As (Now you tell one.)
 ........................................... HUI....Hllllllllllllllllll heroic recovery of the popular re ton necromancer of the mystic editorials. This still continues to sistant City Manager Wilcox be
 mystify all Miami readers.
 sort. world, will give an exhibition of his lieves he can get one of the city z~
 -TAivrrq newest golf course, the Dade County Sweepstakes links, startling powers next Monday Eyes like a cat, said the neigh stamps, charging it to advertising. HAVE YOUR
 now onen to the devotees of the Royal and Ancient game Considering that most of the in night. bors, or how else could he do what Oldwish guarantees this feat to
 e7Kf is now open comment, favorable and otherwise. It As a mere child, Oldwish was a he did? He could close his eyes, HOROSCOPE CAST
 rnthe moTun nkS in the country. Our golf expert went habitants lived for several weeks mystery to his parents, both of press his hand over his ears, and work, providing the postoffice au See What Fate Has in Store for You
 arunnd it the Other da? and has written a hole by hole survey of the in tents, and that hardly a roof re whom came to Florida in the early foretell just what streets would be thorities will see the letter is de For 1927
 mained on the hundreds of homes, livered. He states the reason of
 entire links, which follows in chronological order._________________ __ and that personal possessions were days of 1925. Instead of attend torn up the next day. Skeptics his failure in Tampa and Jack By a World-Famous Palmist and
 Astrologer
 f washed away, it may hereby be ing school like other children, he claim that he knew the street direc sonville was due to the postoffice
 FIRST HOLEN. E. Third ave- o  LITTLE GERALDINE------ would stay away, playing hookey tory by heart, and just had to men BOX X-lMIAMI LIFE
 nue: This is a long drive over Little Geraldines brother said chronicled that in the rehabilitation as it were. Many and many a tion any one to be proclaimed a department. He had addressed the --------------------------------------------------------
 rough fairway. You may be able Miami Life was too hard on the may be found the spirit of a peo time he was seen rolling his hoop marvel, but they were effectually letters correctly and as advised by
 to find plenty of lies in it if you county commissioners, but Little ple' which rose to great heights down strange streets. silenced by his retort that thirty the chambers of commerce, to-wit:
 test the rock percentages. lhe Geraldine just laughed and when everything appeared forlorn. At the age of 12 his power in days after the thirty-day pavement "John Smith, Such a Street, Best ATTENTION
 City in Florida," and every darn
 .rreen is located where an excava laughed because she knew they *** the supernatural attracted the on the causeway was finished the Architects, Artists, Engineers
 tion was made four or five months The city employes, for instance, whole community. By merely pull pavement would be also. one had been sent to Homestead, We have any article you need, in
 ago for apparently no other rea were soft pickings. -o demanded a reduction in salary ing a little lever enclosed in a red and thus the fiasco. cluding a Modern Blue Print Plant-
 Photostat Dept... Picture Framing
 son than to trap motorists. You o------------------------------------------- of 50 per cent. An item which box fastened on a telephone pole, Miami Life has secured Oldwish Oldwish goes from Miami to T Square & Triangle Co.
 will need your irons on this hole. Par, anything that burns, or smells should silence traducers, if any hed make the whole fire depart for Monday night. He will not use Floranada, where he will entertain 141 N. E. 2nd Ave.
 Par, about two millions not includ bad. there are. ment suddenly appear. radio to convince the public of his and be a guest of the King of Phone 8751
 Greece.
 ing condemnation gravy. TWELFTH HOLEF. E. C. *** Another of his feats, startling ability and power. He will walk k
 Not much to brag about,
 SECOND HOLEHialeah Jai Station: ----- Day in and day out, and far into into any telephone booth selected
 Alai Fronton: A short pitch to a Lined by many obstructions, mak- the nights, the forces of recon O____LITTLE GERALDINE------- o by the committee, Rufus Bartlett,
 R. Hammerhead Greeby, three ex
 bad green. The green was once ing it a bit difficult to reach, Well struction labored that the citizens When Little Geraldine read chiefs of police of Miami Beach,
 long and velvety here but has gone protected by the Chamber of Com- might have homes repaired, and in the paper where the Chinese I and the head waiter of the Brass Broadway Comes to Miami Beach
 to seed lately. A short club is all merce and the Herald. Par, high- children might have the proper had murdered six Englishmen, j Rail, Inc., and without any pre
 that is needed. Parwhat will you er rates, less competition. care. she just laughed and laughed, | liminaries or undercover stuff, Tonight
 offer? THIRTEENTH HOLEFulford *** because she knew that foreign guarantees to get his right num
 THIRD HOLECounty Stock Realty Offices: Formerly a water The Hialeah city council is not ers always murdered the English ; ber. at the
 ade Plenty of work for the wood hole. A long drive and another composed of politicians. It is the o----------------  Of course, the number he calls
 here. You can easily get into hole in which the brass can be uti opposite. The backbone of the city will not be disclosed until after the Miami Beach Garden Theater
 trouble but it 13 not particularly lized. A large green, very flat. is represented. For evidence, they present good deportment is main same is secured.
 hard to get out unless your oppon Par, twenty years. are named in their business call tained by Hialeah visitors. The week following, Oldwish, en
 ent is good shooting with his irons. FOURTEENTH HOLEOcean ing: J. J. Murphy, one of the old gaged by Miami Life, will perform When
 There are those who hint that abil Drive: A blind shot. Use the est settlers, is president; he is in And with men like Jimmy about the most wierd and startling
 ity on or with the greens will be irons as you must take plenty of the real estate business. E. 0. Bright and Glenn Curtis at exhibition in his repertorie. He New York Stars Present
 developing subdivisions,
 of great help here but that is some sand here. Not much green. Roll Wilson, druggist; I. J. Brundage, work developing subdivisions,
 thing else again. Par, $9.8.5 or ten ing. Par, $2,000 a front foot. lumber; I. A. Cardwell, superin manufacturing sections and
 days. FIFTEENTH HOLEMeyer tendent of the race track; P. E. beauty spots, it wont be many
 FOURTH HOLECentral Mi Kiser building. Another tricky Hackney, dairyman; D. C. Free seasons before the game little "Just Married"
 ami: A long drive and longer hole. Short. Steel clubs arent man, hardware, and P. A. Lassiter, citv reaches its place in the sun. PidureFiatmnd
 ! !
 brassiein fact plenty of brass much good here. A dog leg. Put real estate. ***
 Here, too, you may find some bad ting is bad. Par, 17. A. K. Ewing is the director of ( RICH ARD B.HOIT ) A Broadway Success in the Metropolitan
 lies though the architect wouldnt SIXTEENTH HOLESeaboard The fire department, apparatus public safety. Under him come NOI HALCYON ARCAOE-ROOM40 v Manner
 477 S.W.8 ST
 permit you to believe it. Not as Airline Railroad: Quite smooth. consisting of two LaFrance ma Lieut. Wm. A. Ennis, heading QUICK SERVICE: PARKING SPACE
 bad as some paint it, worse than Good work with the irons. Heavy chines, is under charge of Chief the police department; Ser Phone Miami Beach 2119 for Reservations
 others describe it. Here too is a smoke fogs hinder good shooting Quimby, and is a go-getter. Other geants Woods, Yoakum and Mc
 place for plenty of clever action though. Dog leg- Par, ask Fred equipment consists of an ambu Camey, 12 patrolmen and six MIAMI BEACH GARDEN THEATRE
 with the greensor on the greens. Pine.   lance and patrol wagon, both of motorcycle men. all in uniforms
 SEVENTEENTH HOLEHalf
 Par, $2,000. Moon: A short pitch and roll. An which promise to rust away, if the of grey. TO SEE BETTER Alton Road at 41st Street
 FIFTH HOLEDeauville Ca other water hole although it SEE Near Nautilus Hotel
 sino. It is hard to stay with the wasnt originally intended as such.
 green here and easy to get into Par, couvert, $3. Drive from Miami over either causeway, turn left at Alton Rd.
 deep water. Par, slight. EIGHTEENTH HOLEBaker s 50 cents to $1.65 Seats on sale Phone M. B. 2119
 SIXTH HOLEPrins Valdemar: Haulover cut. Another water hole,
 A water hole, Well trapped. A the longest on record. Take a Curtain at 8:30 P. M.
 rolling green, Quite tricky. Par, long accurate carry over the ocean
 couvert, $3. to reach the green. You need a Wha, your Have an MIAMI OPTICAL CO.
 boat to reach it. Par, ten feet.
 SEVENTH HOLE  County NINTEENTH HOLE: (Well, 500 SEATS AT FIFTY CENTS
 SEVENTH
 2 : One of the most diffi you dont have to go to Bimini Extension OPTICAL SPECIALIST
 Causeway: C.
 cult holes on the whole course. nor even on a six-day cruise and olher house 40 N. Miami Ave.
 plenty of traps and a rough fair Telephone
 Yawning chasms catch most
 way. Y........o -1----- you know it.) hold conven
 any driver, no matter how careful es iences save installed in a
 he is. Par, $115,000 and up.
 EIGHTH HOLEHerald Edito Talking Miamese x* your back and handy corner
 rial Rooms: Narrow fairway, nar- upstairs. Its
 o____
 row green. Best to use a heavy your arms,
 club though to make any impres "Well, I imagine it will be an extension like having
 sion and to get results. Flash a pretty good right through Feb
 little work to show ability on the ruary and March. The real Telephone someone bring
 greens and all is well, however. bunchyou know, the spenders,
 Four out of every five will find it never do come until February. will save your the Telephone
 a bore. Par, 12 cents for the first
 line. "Yes, I was there last year feet and your to you when
 NINTH HOLE- Florida Power but when the flop came I sold It rings!
 and Light Co.: : Here is a tricky the car and opened up the lunch feelings!
 hole. Looks easy but just try it stand. Folks gotta eat."
 once. Miss your drive and out
 comes your heating and lighting "The dirty bum. First he COSTS BUT A FEW CENTS A DAY!
 meter. Flub your second and your stole my girl and then he stuck
 water is cut off. Shank your ap- me with the check. M ouldna Call Our Business Office NOW
 proach and your gas is cut off. Be even minded that so much, but
 short on a putt and you cant ride he had said the sky was the limit
 home. Par, plenty. when I was ordering early in the WALL SET DESK SET
 qrENTH HOLERoyal Palm evening." $1.00 $1.25
 Park: This isnt what it used
 to be. Once a scenic delight but "Yeh, he had the same car last a month a month
 now. Pitching is your best bet year, only he sat in the back
 here though there is plenty of good seat then."
 work done in brass, especially by
 Pryors. Par, ten cents. "And I was going right down
 to put ten right on Thurons
 ELEVENTH HOLEIncinera nose, but Mose hung me up fer a
 tor: You cant get past this too minute askin where he could
 fast. A long blow in the oppo get some good Scotch cheap, and
 site direction is your only hope. the window closed right in my
 Your short game is difficult here. face. Such a world."
 WILD TO MODERN
 The span from wild nature to a modern city
 Is bridged by dependable Electric service.
 EVERY NIGHT People, business, trade and industry naturally gravi
 tate to the Modern City and community having
 (Sunday Excepted) Well lighted streets, stores and display
 8:15 oclock windows, hotels and office buildings
 which extend a mute welcome to the
 Miamis Newest and Best prospective citizen and creates a happy
 home-town atmosphere and home-town
 Greyhound Track pride.
 Modern civilization and keen competition have
 Biscayne Kennel developed super power Electric service, extending
 through the jungle, forest, over wild plains and
 through the swamp, inter-connecting scores of cities
 Club into a single Electric service system.
 Thus making available dependable power that builds
 Near Miami Shores up the waste places and converts wild nature into a
 modern city. This is the mission of
 General Admission 50c Cents
 Music by Frank Novak*s Chicago-Miami
 Orchestra FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT CO.
 N. W. 35th St. and 35th Ave.
 LADIES FREE
 Ladies Free Mon., Wed., Fri
 MONDAY, WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY NIGHTS
 DANCING How to get thereFrom Miami follow the Dixie to 115th St. and
 turn left at big sign. Busses leave Central school, N. E. Third
 SUZANNE LENGLEN | street, direct to track.
 From Miami Beach:
 Sunday, January 23rd, 8 P. M. J De LUXE BUS SERVICE direct to the track. Busses leave cor
 ner of Fifth street and Washington avenue at 7:10 p. m.; Wash
 Prices $2 and $3 \ ington avenue and Espanola way at 7:20. Copyright 1926 by Florida Power & Light Co.
 kew Court Seats at $5 FREE PARKING kJLu-.





 Page Three
 Saturday, January 22, 1927 MIAMI LIFE
 I
 gone into training over in the Dug ----- LITTLE GERALDINE------- Florida until they have proven
 they have resided here a year. And
 Little Geraldines aunt cau
 out. tioned her against parking at after they have so proven, they
 oOo
 Greeby Says Get Ready The Tell-Tale Listen, if that Sergeant Swenke the red curb, but Little Geral wont want to leave. (He means
 they wont be able to get out.)
 is going to keep old Peter Piper dine just laughed and laughed
 oOo
 Tourist from his cannon-ball dash during because she knew that the po Another Republican pow-wow in
 Warns Flappers and Shows Way Out; Coffin Manufacturers the first two furlongs, one of the lice were so glad to have some Miami last week. How the faith
 one use the streets that they
 best of the Hialeah exhibitors is
 Want Lid Clamped On as Greeby-Jeeby Roof Opens. off the program. Peter Piper is wouldnt think of arresting her ful are rallying. Wonder if the
 MIAMI offered several millions of the original double-fast horse. He o new $2,000,000 postoffice has any good
 improvement bonds to the bond can stop nearly as fast as he can thing to do with the meetings?
 Florida an all-year-round resort. oOo
 merchants this past week, and they start, but even at that, the son of things
 A MIAMI LIFE reporter, assigned to the difficult task of inter- were grabbed up as being a good Peter Pan generally earned his hay. His theory is that the interstate Hey, whats become of the Red
 Q/l viewing R. Hammerhead Greeby, found that famed civic worker investment. Perhaps out of the oOo commerce commission should pro Cross ? are
 in his new winter home, "Healthy Dump," behind the city in funds received, those citizens living Horse races, jai alai games, dog hibit northbound traffic on either
 cinerator. down in the hollow made by the races, polo matches, golf tourna the Dixie highway, railroads or POME
 "I am glad to see you, Mr. Greeby," said the reporter. railroad fill on the southwest side ments, tennis duels, speed boat steamship lines and that no vis Dye hear that holler: three!
 "The pleasure is all yours," replied the most popular man ever to from Ninth street to about Twelfth contests, black bottom wiggles and itors should be allowed to leave Kin yuh spare a dollar?
 visit the new stockade. (Editors^ in the neighborhood of Miami ave plenty of cover charges. Now if
 note: As popularity contests are /?OCZDOCZDOCZDOCZDOCZjOCZDOC=>^ nue might persuade the city com- brick-layers, plasters, painters, Theres an old proverb
 judged by votes and as each time missicners to install a drainage carpenters and other folks had Cr
 in the stockade counts one vote, 0 Who Gets the Money? Q system, and then, perhaps they plenty of work, everything would GRANDMA'S KITCHEN which runs "all good
 readers can understand how Greeby might not. One never knows how be as it should. Why not start a things are three."
 leads the field.) 0 DESSIMISTS should be rail Messrs. Cotton and Wharton feel boom? Famous for Its Home Cooking June, 1926, we acquired
 "What about this new venture of o roaded out. They keep about such matters. oOo by purchase the Miami
 yours, Mr. Greeby?" D crying business is poor and oOo "$20,000 for $100 is not impos 149-51 N. E. Second Street Bank and Trust Company,
 "I do not desire o that no one is collecting. Last year Flagler street was a sible," says the oil-well drillers
 no publicity but ;.i The following representa buzz-saw of real estate offices. bulletin board. But where do we Before you go to the races, get a real home cooked meal like Grandma used also the Commercial Bank
 to make.
 will tell you about o tive business men report good This year auction sales and puzzle get the hundred? All the regular ViandsMany appetizing Dainties and Trust Company, thus
 it if you do not 0 collections: oOo giving us the largest
 emporiums are offering patrons From 12 to 25:30 till 8 p. m.Lunch 50c._ Regular Dinner, 75c.
 mention the same o Street car conductors. something to play with. Judge Fisher of Hialeah has a Chicken Dinner $1.00 paid-in capital in South
 to my lawyer, and 0 Taxi drivers. bright idea. He wants to make
 do not mention I Waiters. oOo ern Florida, and at the
 Dan C h a p p e ls 0 Bus drivers. Old times along the Rialto. same time tripling our
 name either. Hollywood giving free band con facilities for greater serv
 o Venetian causeway. certs and lectures; Miami Shores
 "Young folks 0 Cafeterias. ice to our Miami public
 are not kind Municipal court judges. presenting a group of feminine mu and our Winter visitors.
 enough to their o Burglars. sicians and Opa-Locka flocking em
 0
 parents, and they Banks. in to the tune of jazzy strains. And Welcome, Suzanne of Paris! Three in one!
 should be more dutiful. Every 0 c Professional bondsmen. dont forget the famous lectures of Banking hours, 9 to 2
 young girl knows she must die Railroads. "Doe" Dammers.
 some time or other, and why not o Steamship lines. oOo
 go about it in a businesslike way? 0 U. S. liquor warehouse. The Miami Beach Beacon, CITY NATIONAL
 _____ ______
 "Parents can save a lot of worry, 5b. through its editor, Kent Watson
 if young ones will but do the right announces a swimming race which
 thing. Instead of buying a cedar will probably make the Catalina BANK and TRUST COMPANY
 chest, let every girl buy a nice fin Island affair of William Wrigley,
 ished coffin. By placing this coffin Jr., a back number. The Beacon, 116 EAST FLAGLER
 under the bed, she can store all her MIAMI LIFES besides giving a years subscription I CAPITAL $2,000,000.00
 clothes and knicknacks therein, and to the first man to swim to Gun SURPLUS $500,000.00
 when the time comes for her to BEST JOKE OF Cay, also offers to pay the win Suzanne Lenglen to MEMBER of FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM
 kick off, why theres her clothes THE WEEK ners expenses for one week aboard
 all neat and in order, and the old Mr. Kellys boat. Three men, in Appear in Exhibition
 folks are spared the expense of cluding Bill King, have already iiimiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiii
 looking around for the best dis- The foolishness of wasting good at the
 count. space in a newspaper to inform Biscayne Fronton
 "I expect to start one of those Miamians that DRINK
 sole owner of my name stores "BOGUS $5, $10 Sunday Night
 with a line of the best and most Seltzer-Water
 stylish coffins. Not over two will AND $20 BILLS
 be sold to a customer, and no alter IN CIRCULATION"
 ations or deliveries will be al as the Daily News did Monday. For Your Health
 lowed."
 Little Geraldine, Greebys foster
 daughter, came in with the remark POOR OLD CHARLIE
 that the old man got the idea be
 cause his wife said he was already We have been reading quite a bit
 dead but not buried, but Hammer about Charlie Chaplins financial MUQUE
 head gave her the mutuel crush troubles of late and we soft of fig
 as practiced at Hialeah, and she ured that his financial rating might
 took a hasty nap.
 "Papa," said Positively, the not be so good, but we sort of
 youngest of Greebys two twin think the doctors went a little too
 sons, Absolutely and Positively, far in making sure.-theyd be paid, An International
 "You know Teresa Green, dont you if the following deck of the head Fraternity
 papa?" line in the always-correct Herald
 "No," said Greeby. means what it says:
 "Well, they are," and little Posi S For information address
 tively was sent to bed without his "DOCTORS SEND FILM STAR P. O. Box 7355,
 grits. TO BED AND ARE KEEP Miami, U. S. A.
 "They are so playful," said ING WATCH." Tickets available at Bur
 Greeby. dines Service Desk.
 Greeby informed the reporter
 that he had fixed everything up STREET FLOOR. CALL
 over at the Greeby-Jeeby Inn, the
 exclusive hotel located near the Formal Opening 2-3772
 Gulf Refining company at Miami
 Beach, and would soon open up the of the QUICK DELIVERY
 roof garden for the season. TO YOUR HOME
 "I shall soon open up the roof SPECIALTY SHOP Burdines, in traditionally appreciative fashion, sponsor the welcoming
 garden," said Greeby, "and it will of Suzanne of Paris pride. In extending our world-famous guest greet
 be very exclusive. There will be Sale On All Merchandise  Miami Coca-Cola
 no cover charge." I ing, Burdines speaks a citys appreciation of work well done, of games Bottling- Co.
 "Theres no cover on it anyway," 20 per cent to 50 per cent Reduction
 laughed Geraldine as she did a I well played, and of honors earned. 94 N. W. 10th St.
 Brody out of the window.
 "Everyone must have an invita KIMI S. IWAMA
 tion," continued Greeby, ignoring Venetian Arcade Bldg. Paris-Inspired Spring Fashions to Wear to Important f lllllllllllllilllllllillllllllllllllllll
 interruption, "and I hereby invite 50 E. Flagler St. I
 everybody to attend. Those who do ......................
 not desire to dance may sit on the Outdoor Occasions Anywhere
 sidelines and drop concrete blocks THE
 should them government or county Miami and Palm Beach set the southern fashionlogue for Spring. What is found at
 men come around again. The motto Burdines is worn simultaneously by fashionable women at Palm Beach and repeat
 will be a square deal to all, and Greyhounds
 everyone with bulging hips must ed during the summer months at Bar Harbor, Atlantic City, and on Long Island,
 submit to a search. Whatever is Wherever fashionables gatherat the racesthe linksat the tennis matches ARE
 collected will be poured into one Saturday Night Opening you see just the type of frocks, of suits, of ensembles that you find in Burdines
 common pool, and for 50 cents each Fashion Salon. Racing Nightly
 guest may have a glass." (Except Sunday)
 "I bet you can sell plenty of Dunwoody crepes and georgettes are featured
 caskets over there," floated in the materials used in the styling of exquisite
 voice of Little Geraldine, and Ham sport, street and afternoon creations at $29.50. HIALEAH PARK
 merhead got so excited that he MIAMI Tuxedo models, too, given considerable atten
 stepped on his own finger while tion in the recent issue of "Vogue," promise Where youve seen them in
 reaching for a short smoke. prestige in a sport ruled season. the worlds most spectacular
 sport for the last 5 seasons.
 FASHION FLOORTHIRD.
 BEACH 400 of England, Ireland
 SERVING and Americas Finest
 Quality Food and Fastest I
 With Unequaled Service
 DIRECT BUS SERVICE
 Always Cool and Comfortable Miami Transit Co., at N. E.
 Miamis Leading: Restaurant CASINO 1st Ave. and 2nd St,
 Royal Cafe Fare 25c
 Seminole Line at Court House
 Kitchen open for inspection at all N. W. 1st Ct. and Flagler
 times January 22 Fare 25c
 Peter Galatis, N. P. Harris The Smart Sport Foot The Smart Sport Hat Sedan Taxis at Miami Ave.
 113 N. E. First Avenue, Opposite and N. W. 1st St. Fare 50c
 Post Office Wears a Lenglen Tie is a Snug French Felt
 Dining and Dancing 10 RACES
 The Lenglen Tie Oxford embodies all Again, the versatility of color shows Post Time, 8 P. M.
 (r of the style properties which make itself in the Southland millinery Admission 99c
 "WHERE FOLKS REALLY for a sport shoe of super-excellence. mode. The pastel tints so lovably
 LIVE" Music By Broguishly designed toe, heel and interpreted upon the rough surface Ladies Nights Monday,
 A gentlemans house that back are patterned of Scotch plaided of felt are even more fascinating than Wednesday, Friday
 is a home is on the market Roney Plaza Orchestra leather. Triple tie closing is laced
 for the reason that the owner they have been in many a Southern
 spends but little time here. with the plaided leather and tipped moon. Vivid dyes invigorate the Miami
 The setting is without par MARIO ARMELLINI with leather tassel. beauty of dashing costume-harmoniz Kennel Club
 allel in all Miami Beach, be ing creations.
 ing in Flamingo Terrace on Director at $13.50 Member International Grey
 Indian Creek just north of $7.50 to $20 hound Racing Association
 Pancoast Lake. The water Affiliated with United Hunts
 way provides protected an The model, as sketched, is shown Clubs of England
 chorage for a boat. Only a limited number of reservations in waterlily combined with a tan Brimless toque styles, soft un
 _____ rooms, bound shapes of larger size, fash
 Spacious living
 porch and lawn lend them will be accepted, and no service will be plaid; also in waterlily comple ionable berets. Youll find a
 selves to hospitality. Four given unless reservation is made in ad mented with a tan and brown model to become you in the ex
 selves to hospitality,
 sleeping rooms, two
 sleeping rooms, two baths, plaid. tensive assortment.
 and porches facing east and vance. Miami Transit Co.
 south are on the second STREET FLOOR THIRD FLOOR
 floor. A two-car garage with BUSSES
 two servant rooms and laun
 dry are separated from the JOSEPH MILNE to
 dwelling by a porte-cochiere.
 The price is less than re Manager Hialeah Horse Races
 placement. Leave at
 It will be ready for occu N. E. 2nd St. and 2nd Ave.
 pancy in January. (Affiliated with Roney Plaza Hotel)
 and
 E. Q. RODGERS N. E. 3rd St. at Central School
 Room 5, Reid Building Every Five Minutes
 Miami Beach Fare 50c





 Page Four MIAMI LIFE
 Saturday, January 22, 1927
 And Our Local "News" Papers Wouldnt <?  him listed in Dunn and Brad I bill filed in the above stated cause that
 I W. W. GOUCHER and GEORGE M. RU whom would bind such Defendants, and
 Mention It! THEY TELL ME Liquor Market street I BEN, two of the defendants therein named, that JOSEPH ALPERN and MRS. JOSEPH
 Johnny Walker (Black THAT Dale might have found are non-residents of the State of Florida ALPERN and B. C. HAMMOCK are 0Vt
 (Continued from page 1) and that their places of residence are un the age of twenty-one years, it is therefore
 Label ................. $8.00 a sponge quite useful ordered that said non-resident Defendants
 .. iiv The world knows it and we cannot escape the facts by | Baccardi---------- ----- known, that there is no person in the State be and they are hereby requird to appea,
 wrecked us f,njint. san(jostrich-like. You can hardly rent your apartments, THAT Marvin would like to ---- $6.00 ! of Florida, the service of a subpoena upon to the Bill of Complaint filed in said
 hiding our heaas full or iess> anj many of your patrons are of the sort to drive know when Jewell will get her Canadian Club $6.00 THAT Lillian doesnt seem to whom would bind such defendants and that
 hotels arerunning tj,e demand for your magnificent hostelries. Stores are new Packard i Gilbeys Gin------ be getting any better results W. W. GOUCHEN and GEORGE M. RU cause on or before Monday, the seventh
 away such toiK .g office buildings are without occupants in many of their I Black and White $4.00 BEN are over the age of twenty-one years, (7th) day of March, A. D. 1927, other,
 _____ ulll
 wise the allegations of said bill will be
 vacant by l"evalues have dropped to the prices at which they sold before the tracks ! __ $7.00 from the new tactics than she it is therefore ordered that said non-resi- taken as confessed by said Defendants,
 taken as confessed by said Defendants.
 rooms. Lar. nrice the properties cannot be sold. Our taxes have been boosted THAT it is fortunate thhat the Old Smuggler $7.00 did the old dent Defendants be and they are hreby re-1 It is further ordered that nnl.. i.
 It is further ordered that order b pub.
 opened an a unwarranted real estate gambling which shoved the prices above all Brandy ____________ $8.00 I 1 quired to appear to the Bill of Complaint lished
 shod once a week for four consecutive
 to the s 1 weIfare bodies united in the Community Chest have no money on which county commissioners dont have Long John (pints) filed in said cause on or before Monday, i weeks m t
 in the MIAMI LIFE, a newspaper
 reason. The agencies which look after our boys and girls such as the Boy Scouts, to run for re-election right now $3.00 THAT if persistence wins, then the 7th day of March, A. D. 1927, other- published ii
 (o oper m  q a. and the Y. W. C. A. are cutting their programs to the very quick since the folks around town Patzenhoffer (beer) Maude surely will be wearing a UlQO tKo Kill -.-..ill i~- -1-1 cd in said County and State.
 wise the bill will be taken as confessed
 because our prosperity has not brought them sufficient money for operating expenses. have had a chance to look at the ________ none on market diamond ring one of these days by said Defendants. This, January 21, 927.
 Has Miami any sound reason to believe prosperityreal and abidingcan be induced Chamagne1, 2, 3 It is further ordered that order be GEO. F. HOLLY,
 by the introduction into and the retention in our community of the lawless, free and causeway . and discuss the ! published once a week for four consecutive Clerk of Circuit Court.
 easy, get rich quick gambling life that we have tried these many years? Shall commissioners share in putting $15, $12 and $10 THAT the charge account still weeks in Miami Life, a newspaper pub
 a sporting group come in at the close of the greatest period of our growth and try folks suffering from nervous | Port Wine $6.0(1 remains unpaid, in spite of all of lished in said County and State. By E. W. TRAMMELL,
 to claim credit for the fact that Miami proves most attractive to visitors from other G. & W. (pints) $3.50 This, January 21, 1927. (Circuit Court Seal) Deputy Clerk O
 states when the mercury gets near the bottom of the tube in other sections? Who breakdowns in the county stock Benedictine the hints and tough luck stories GEO. F. HOLLY, SAMUEL CAPLAN,
 I f j
 will be fooled by the line of talk that races rather than sun-rays attract our biggest ade $10.00 Clerk of Circuit Court.
 crowd after January first rather than earlier? Racing has proved a great money Old Particular $7.00 THAT the ornament on Bill By E. W. TRAMMELL, Solicitor for Complainant.
 maker in Miami because our other interests have given the tracks plenty of folks ! Three Star Hennessy
 to prey upon. Great crowds do attend races. There can be no question about that THAT the News reporter has Lawsons $8.00 Parrotts car is quite individual (Circuit Court Seal.) Deputy Clerk.
 but racing promoters have good enough business sense to place their tracks where $8.00 i and appropriate r
 crowds already have been attracted by legitimate lines of interest. Races follow lots of nerve to sign those stor Old Monarch $7.00 ! SAMUEL CAPLAN, BOOKS
 crowds rather than crowds follow races. If the reverse is true why do not those ies House of Lords $7.00 Solicitor for Complainant. Newest Fiction  Travel  Classics . ,
 lovers of Miami start the track in September? The races are here because Miami THAT it might have been bet Poetry  Philosophy----Psychology .
 through its matchless climate, wholesome social life, and enduring institutions had ! High seas, coast guard ac ter for all concerned if Gene had IN THE CIRCUIT COURT, ELEVENTH Astronomy  Science  Religion  '
 built a real city on the shores of Biscayne Bay. The races have not made the city. THAT Mrs. K. isnt attending tivity and indifferent buying stuck to his first story JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, DADE COUNTY, Cook Bookslarge variety for all uses.
 Lets get that straight. "It hath been said" that those seeking to restrain have created a sensitive mar I FLORIDA. IN CHANCERY. Childrens books for all ages.
 racing because of its gambling features are not good sportsmenthat if they were so many teas since the return of ket. Prices are now subject ! CHARLES MEYER, Complainant, vs. LIL- THE MAGIC CITY BOOK STORE
 they would not have waited until hundreds of thousands of dollars had been spent a certain person from Philadel- THAT Pierre (called Perry in l LIAN G. RIPPA, et al., Defendants. Rental Library
 by the sporting clubs in getting their plants ready for operation this winter. Surely phia to change without notice. Macon) has gotten quite high hat I FORECLOSURE OF MORTGAGE 219 N. E. 2nd Ave. Open Evenings
 I could not hope to get out an injunction against an institution before it had begun since the prominent young couple ORDER OF PUBLICATION I
 to operate until I had been able to get the facts as to its maintaining a nuisance by [ j Vi the bill filed in the above stated cause -----------
 It appearing by affidavit appended to
 its actual operation. * May we ask, did not track owners have sufficient THAT Patsy hasnt been of took him up
 notice of the desires of the people of our fair state of Florida when our legislature night, and made up for all those ! !
 placed upon the statute books our present laws regulating racing and various forms much help yet on those Friday drv days since January 1st THAT John seems to think all that JOSEPH ALPERN and MRS. JO Sanitary Mattress Works,
 of gambling? By the logic of the followers of the ponies and dogs the man who night fiestas  SEPH ALPERN, his wife, and B. C. HAM
 had raped your daughter and had been condemned by due process of law and was j (. I ! his friends should be as con- MOCK, three of the Defendants therein Inc.
 just being led to the electric chair to pay the penalty for his crime would have a THAT Meyer found the form- cerned over his domestic named, are non-residents of the State of Tel. 21218. Office 2015 N. Miami Ave.
 right to rebuke the lack of sportsmanship in your fatherly heart because; you had THAT Eunice seems to be ula at last troubles as he is Florida, and JOSEPH and MRS. JOSEPH Manufacturers of
 failed to drop him a polite note telling him that so far as rape went you wished having a pretty good time this t ALPERN are residents of the City of FINE MATTRESSES, CUSHIONS and
 to have the law enforced. *  "It hath been said" by those who wish to set J ! Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, that the resi BOX SPRINGS
 aside the laws on gambling, "Let us appeal to the governor and ask him to use all winter THAT Margy is still trying to THAT the trifling young man dence of B. C. HAMMOCK is unknown; We Renovate Anything in Bedding
 of his best efforts to assist Miami in maintaining these amusements during the com I I get that date that there is no person in the State of PLANT: 68 N. W. 28th STREET
 ing season." You have also heard that "it hath been said" to the Honorable Gov THAT one of my friends has date with the popular who so frequently boasts that he Florida, the service of a subpoena upon
 
 ,
 ernor of our state "make every effort to prevent any unfavorable action against rac actor isnt afraid of getting into Mi
 ing as it is conducted in Miami today." Has it come to that? Surely Governor at last located a plumber who i j i ami Life may be surprised at
 Martin will resent the suggestion that he as the chief executive of Americas most doesnt forget all his tools
 rapidly growing state stoop to assist in maintaining amusements in Miami. If 1 -! THAT the Silhouette should next weeks issue
 that does not make him boiling mad certainly the dastardly insinuation that he would snap out of it 
 ! !
 entertain a suggestion that he interfere with the action of the Supreme Court of the THAT Bill Wallace seems to j I STROMBERG CARBURETORS
 State of Florida or with duly constituted authorities in carrying out the laws of the be getting plenty of kick writ
 state would arouse all his fighting blood. Is it to be thought that men who claim ing those goif stories for the THAT the vampish entertainer IN THE CIRCUIT COURT. ELEVENTH MORE MILESMORE PEP-----
 to be leaders in our civic life feel that the Supreme Court can be fixed, and at that Herald at the Sixty club may try to JUDICIAL CIRCUIT. DADE COUNTY, Absolute Money Back Guarantee
 that fixing can be done through the governor of the state? We are looking for 1 FLORIDA. IN CHANCERY.
 some statement from Governor Martin which will show that his sense of decency ! vamp the wrong person some CHARLES MEYER and MARTHA MEY
 has been outraged. Our courts must be kept free from interference from any source THAT Dick Bullen won a golf day ER, his wife, Complainants, vs. JULIAN
 whatsoever, else they are not the courts of justice at all. Have we reached the ! A. GARAGE
 place in Florida that the Supreme Court has no standing? Have the Realty Board, match at the Miami Country E. LATHAM, et al., Defendants.
 The Greater Miami Hotel Association and perhaps some others any ground for sup club in the tournament this last THAT Dottie soon dropped her FORECLOSURE OF MORTGAGE
 posing that the governor might be able or willing to interfere with the due pro week . but that he managed to new friend after she couldnt find ORDER OF PUBLICATION 245 N. W. 22nd St.
 cesses of the courts? If so is it not high time to ask ourselves what issues are safe It appearing by affidavit appended to the
 in Florida. * If ever there was contempt of court here we have it at its atone for his oversight the next GENERAL WRECKER
 worst. "* Evidently the folks back of racing had somehow come to feel the day REPAIR
 advantage of having influential friends. Did you read the list of names of guests ! We Will Call for and SERVICE
 at the annual breakfast last Sunday morning at the Miami Jockey Club? Perhaps THAT Connie ought not worry MACHINE WORK
 the list was not authentic but if not surely the office holders who were listed would We Extend To Our Deliver Your Car.
 have made a public denial that they had any part or lot with the race promoters. much over obtaining a new job WASHING t
 The list named two judges of Municipal courts in Miami, the judge of the County ! Old Customers BRAKE
 court, the judge of the Criminal Court of Record, the states attorney, the county THAT Ruths leap was POLISHING
 solicitor, the police chiefs of Miami and Hialeah, ten or more attorneys at the bar, not from Jacksonville. Orlando and St. Augustine, as well as our many friends PHONE 4616 SERVICE
 and at least two of our representatives in the state legislature. * I have heard altogether a surprise to her of M ami. an invitation to come in and see our new optical office. TIRES
 this argument about prosperity and tourist population depending upon disregard for i friends
 moral values before. When Dade county went dry it was the hotel men and realty . and she has plenty of Our specialty is a thorough examination of your eyes. ACCESSORIES "You Must Be Satisfied" OFFICIAL
 agents and bought and paid for politicians, and the hired press that spread every
 where the gloomy news that if the saloons were closed grass would grow in our them DR. J. H. KEENE TELEGAGE A. A. A.
 streets. Did they know what they were talking about then? Why should J I j will personally conduct the Miami Office, 132 Central Arcade (Seybold Bldg.) DISTRIBUTOR Prompt and Courteous SERVICE
 we come to presume that these prophets of gjoom are nearer right now than they THAT Jimmie broke his New See Keene for keen eyesight l__.... :
 were before? * The tragedy in Miami today is not that we have racing Service
 with gambling in direct violation of law. That is bad enough. The tragedy is that Years resolution last Saturday 11
 we have men at the head of our civic institutions and in public office who think
 more of dollars than they do of decency, who are ready to compromise principle for
 paltry sums of money, who can easily close their eyes to the debauching of our
 youth at the hands of foreign gamblers and night life supporters if only the streets 31
 seem crowded and lots sell well. Perhaps it will be necessary for God-fearing, law-
 abiding men to refuse to join the Chamber of Commerce, and the Realty Board and
 some other organizations and deplete their financial resources in order to drive home
 the facts that Miamis citizenship insists on a clean town, officials who will enforce
 the laws without fear or favor, and the attraction to our hotels and apartments of
 those who are willing to obey the laws of the state that gives them the most delight
 ful climate to be found anywhere in America. I love Miami, her people,
 her possibilities. Not less than ten times in as many years have I refused to go Cabaret Dancing
 elsewhere at larger ------ ... -- -
 salary than I had been receiving here. I have given the best
 years of my life to the upbuilding of an institution which must bless the Miami of
 future generations. It is because I love this city and my adopted state that I raise
 _
 my protest against the besmirching of our reputation. * I say unto you,
 "What shall it profit a city if it gain the whole world and lose its own soul?"
 Every Night
 the results, we will print a few hints
 | each time to help out.)
 The Road To TODAYS QUESTION: What
 Dade county resident made the fol
 KNOWLEDGE lowing statement: "I want to take
 f * all the blame for the causeway my SIXTY" C L U B
 self."?
 (EDITORS NOTE:Last week, when
 this column was inaugurated, we stated HINTS TO CORRECT AN
 right
 that each person who guessed the SWER: This is a very hard one
 answers of quite a few of the questions to guess but in order to make the
 printed, would be given opportunities to Florida s Most Beautiful Night Club
 get free trips over the new Bimini toll contest fair to all, we will give only
 bridge. We stand firmly behind our two hints. One of them is: What
 convictions in this regard and believe man said, "I do not know how to
 that everything will come out all right. build roads myself, I hire men to Operating Helene Hotel
 Anyone sending in the correct answers
 to 1,754 of the questions will get to go do that." Then, who was Sher
 all the way. Anyone appending three lock Holmes confidant? (Etra 1100 15th St., Miami Beach
 classified ads rejected by the Herald can special hint: The answer to either
 go farther and anyone appending five of these questions should not only
 or more of these ads will get the grand
 prize, and can go all the way, Pullman be the same as the answer to the
 fare included. Again we add that while main question but the same as the
 only one who is thoroughly acquainted answer to the other hint.)
 with Miami, Miamese and Miamisters as Supper Dance
 well as with Miamisses, can guess all
 Miami Life is Read, Not Skimmed.
 The Management of the
 Formally Opening 1927 Season
 I Thursday, January 27th, 1927
 CLUB LIDO
 SPANISH GALA" NIGHT, TONIGHT
 Mr. Ted Trevor and Miss Dina Harris ARNOLD JOHNSON and his 10-piece orchestra
 In Person
 (Internationally Famed Dancers) 
 Will Appear in the Costumes and Present Their Dances
 As Performed Before WELLMAN SISTERS
 H. R. H. KING ALPHONSO OF SPAIN Chicago Idols
 And Will Also Appear in a Series of Ballroom Dances
 Couvert Charge
 Saturday, $2.00
 SOUVENIRS Other Nights, $1.50
 Hibiscus Island, JOE LYCELL formerly Chicago Grand Opera
 Miami Beach
 Phone Miami Beach 2311)
 JOE KING Master of Ceremonies
 The Management of
 And His Banjo
 The SILVER SLIPPER
 Miamis Most Exclusive Supper Club $5.00 Convert R eservations Suggested
 Announces Tonight, Saturday, January 22nd
 at 10 p. m. Telephone M. B. 6156
 A Night in Montmartre
 Broadcasting every night from 11:30 till 12 p. m. from W1OD
 With Such Internationally Known Stars as
 AL WOHLMAN
 King of Songs and Master of Ceremonies
 The man zvhom you all love
 BEE JACKSON
 Internationally Famed Dancer
 of Paris
 Late of Follies Bergere, Paris,
 and Embassy Club, London
 WELLS & BRADY
 Recently of Kit Kat Club, London $
 Strutting Tree Top Blues, and how?
 HARRY HARRIS
 popular songs of late Irving Berlin triumphs
 Bernie's Foremost Society Orchesti a
 servations suggested. Limited seating capacity. 3
 _ ...__ __ $
 Miami 6978
 N. W. 22nd Ave., W. Musa Isle Road






 Saturday, January 22, 1927 Page Five





 THESE SHOPS SERVE A STROKE OF C ONSH1P STYLE


 ALONG WITH SUZANNE istinction"




 The Most Beautiful Gowns Hats

 Sports Wear
 Shoes in Town



 CANDIES I importers, Inc.
 Cosmetics
 'The Home of Real Ice Cream"
 Latest Creations Bast Flagler St.
 Perfumes 32 Biscayne Boulevard Opposite
 Columbus Hotel Bldg. 1
 French Novelties
 18 S. E. Second Ave. "Water Lily"
 Olympia Theatre Bldg. If You Are Meditating a "Pastele Parchment" SH NNONS
 Permanent Wave Exclusive Womens Wear
 iTk 1 You shoulc follow discerning "Shell Grey"
 women wh< realize the value
 Announcing to themselvls of acquiring one "Silver Kid"k 1 O 38 N. Bayshore Drive
 the Reopening Xi > at the \ Columbus Hotel Arcade
 Telephone Russell Williams Newest Creations
 33221
 C orseletesGirdles
 Bandeaus
 Our Permanent Waving Also Complete Line of
 Originally $25 Reducing Garments
 Has Been Reduced Tp FRENCH BOOT SHOPPE Alterations Free I
 $18 and $20 Everyone Conscientiously
 209 Halcyon Arcade
 Served"
 Flora Corset Shop
 Suzanne 14 S. E. First St.
 Hampton Building Opposite Lorraine Arcade
 Lincoln Road
 Miami Beach  Lenglen
 PRICES Helen Louise, Inc.
 Balcony$1.50 "The Incomparable"
 Ladies Exclusive Correct Apparel for
 Auditorium$2. $3.50 Worlds G reatest
 Apparel Women and Misses
 Lodges$5 Woman Tennis Player 6 S. E. 2nd Ave. 239 5th St.
 Olympia Th. Bldg. Miami Beach
 Few Court Chairs$5


 Cowboy



 Frankie Osner Exclusive

 Apparel
 Prices Within Reach of All"
 161 S. E. First St.
 Urmey Hotel Building
 "Floridas Premier Lightwei ght" "In the Heart of Old Miami"
 We Have Finished
 de Cromers
 Taking Inventory! Beauty Parlor and
 Barber Shop
 Permanent Waving
 Drop by our store, see our window display, and look 114 N. E. 2nd Ave.
 at the SPECIALS were offering during our inven Phone 31844
 tory.
 Leo B. Osner, Manager
 Manicure SetsCenter Pieces for the Table Maude Downing
 Gents Military BrushesFour-piece Choc
 olate SetsSterling Silver Stainless Blade Designer and Dressmaker
 Carving SetCocktail ShakersWater /rocks
 Budweiser Pitchers and many other articles too numer or
 ous to mention.

 ANY ARTICLE IN OUR WINDOW DURING THIS
 BUSCH PALE DRY EVENT. VALUES UP TO $16.00. ONE PRICE lorida

 $5-00 $5-00 24 Hour Service on
 Frocks
 Made to Order
 30 N. E. Second Ave.
 National Fruit Juice Co Miss Madelon Lynch
 Emile Ryckley
 Announce the Opening of the
 F. B. Cunningham, Mgr Biscayne MADELON-EMILE
 BEAUTY SALON
 515 S. W. 17th Ave. Fronton Specializing in Marcel Permanent
 Waving; all lines of Beauty Work
 Phone 23092 146 N. E. 2nd St.
 Clarke and Bagwell
 BEAUTY PARLOR
 WELCOME SUZANNE! January 23rd Specilaists in Nestle Oil Per
 manent Waving
 French Operators
 Formerly the
 8:30 P. M. Davis Hairdressing Parlor
 Miami Life joins hands with the community in wel 229 N. E. 1st Ave. Central Hotel
 TICKETS AT
 coming our distinguished guest. McAllister Hotel
 Volks Sporting Store
 May your sojourn under warm Florida skies be a most 39 N. E. First Ave.
 Biscayne
 pleasant one. Burdines
 Fronton

 (greetings to a Champion Spohrs

 Coral Gables
 Alladin Drug Store
 Lincoln and Alton Rd.
 Miami Beach







 200 PAIRS
 BED ROOM SLIPPERS JANUARY CLEARANCE SALE WHITE KID SLIPPERS
 Satin Soft Sole Bedroom Slippers, all colors. Former values to gfc g 1 White Slippers in Pumps and Straps. Former values to $10.00. A a
 $2.25. During this sale (No RefundsNo Exchanges) ____ JL  w w* |
 During this sale (No RefundsNo Exchanges) wPMiP
 12 E. Flagler St GOLDMAN'S 12 E. Flagler St





 MIAMI LIFE Saturday, January 27, 1927

 penalty of four hundred points The Declarants elation at being
 BRIDGE FOR ALL PLAYERS should have been inflicted instead set only one trick was rather out
 of place. It was quite possible to
 of a hundred taken:
 have made the doubled contract by
   two methods of play. After the
 Sidney S.Lenz V A632
 f Q54 King of Diamonds was caught,
 (wnattanal Authority and CAampi&n Bridge ~ Whist A K 9862 three rounds of trumps should have
 , Halcyon Arcade, Miami, and 343 Jefferson Avenue, been played, putting West in with
 Published Weekly a Wen R. Phillips, President; Pete Crossland, Vice- Plages of the World______________ '4b 98763 Nonh A KQJ 102 the last trump, so that he could not SUNDAY THRU WEDNESDAY
 Miami Beach, by M-^^Xtary-Treasurer. V J 4 " 10 9 interrupt the run of the Club suit
 Prident; Lyle E- Mianli phone 37737 Miami Beach 535 ___ f 1093 I i ? f K7 Virginia Valli, Lou Tellegen
 TT is a thankless task to dwell on the lost games that might have been in dummy when in with the Ace of
 i won if the player were able to accurately locate the one vital card. f Q54 Scvth J 10 Hearts. and Richard Walling in
 WEN R. PHILLIPS, Editor and Publisher Possibly a better way to play the
 LYSLE E. FESLER, Business Manager When it is altogether a matter of guess-work one players guess is A A54 deal would have been not to ruff "Stage Madness"
 HOWARD SHANK, Advertising Manager as good as anothers, although strangely enough, the dummies and 8 7 5 out the Spades at all but set up
 S C. EBBETS, Circulation Manager kabitzers are always a hundred per cent correct, usually after the play > AJ862 the long suit in dummy. After the The flaming career of a famous
 is over. Very often in the course of play the Declarant is given the f Parisian dancerFootloose and
 73
 SUBSCRIPTION RATES choice between two methods of pro-^----------------------- ----------------------- first trick is won with the Ace of Frivilous
 cedure. When the situation is such Spades, dummy is put in with the
 United States1 yr., $2.50; 6 mo., $1.50 that one method may either win or get back in his hand for a second North bid a Club, East a Spade, Club and a low Diamond is led and
 Foreign1 yr., $3.50; 6 mo., $2.00 lose the game and the other cannot finesse, another trick in that suit South a Diamond and the bidding the Jack finessed. The Ace catches
 Change of Address or Contributions must be received by Tuesday if win, even though it may not lose, was sacrificed to loose play. The went merrily on until South obtain the King and the Queen wins the THURSDAY THRU SATURDAY
 intended for that weeks issue. then the player should be charged Declarants alibithat he had the ed the contract at six Diamonds third round. Now, the Ace, follow
 same chance on the Club finesse as doubled. If South had passed the ed by a low Club which South
 with bad play when he goes wrong. "Devils Dice"
 Entered as second class matter, April 11, 1925, at the post office at Miami, Fla., on the Diamondwas seemingly five Spade bid, North would doubt ruffs, sets the suit and the Ace of
 onder the act of March 3, 1879.____________________ __ ________________ ___________ In a recent match game the Declar true, but he lost sight of the im less have doubled, although the Hearts is the card of re-entry to A girla youth, gambling with life.
 ant was forced to choose between
 NOTICE TO ADVERTISERS two finesses that apparently were portant fact that the Club finesse, six Diamond bid would not have obtain three needful discards.
 even if successful, would not in it been so bad with Norths holding.
 precisely of equal chance. It so
 Advertising contracts are solicited and accepted by the business self win the game, or even fulfill At Spades, East would have been
 __or by any representatives of "Miami Life" subject to Editorial happened that, as the cards lay, the the contract, unless the King of set four tricks against good, de (r A
 approval. The Editors reserve the right to reject any contract ac finesse chosen unfortunately set the Diamonds was also with West. If fensive play. Souths play of the
 cepted by the business office or its advertising staffto cancel same at contract two tricks, while the the Diamond King was with West Spade was opened and won with MIAMI BEACH RESIDENCE AND
 finesse in the other suit would have
 any time after acceptanceand to refuse publication of any advertis- then the Club finesse was unnec the Ace and a low Spade ruffed in BUSINESS PROPERTIES
 inent thereunder at any time such advertising is considered by them as won the game. essary and uncalled for. If West dummy. The Ace, King and a low
 unreliable or undesirable. 8754 had held the King of Clubs the Club followed, South trumping the We have several beautiful homes either furnished or
 J 10 chances greatly favored his holding third round and leadinig his last unfurnished for sale.
 f AQJ 86 the King of Diamonds also, because Spade for dummy to ruff. The Call our Re-Sale Department for Re-Sales on
 f AQ his preferred lead would have the Queen of Diamonds was then led, Miami Beach Properties
 4b 3 Nonh i f A K J 10 suit that he did not hold the King covered by the King and won with Listings Solicited
 of, unless he held both Kings. If the Ace. The Jack of Diamonds
 V 8642 V 73
 lilllllllllliillllll f K72 s f 1094 South had properly refused the took all the opposing trumps but THE MIAMI OCEAN VIEW COMPANY
 f J 7532 South A K 1084} Club finesse and gone up with the the ten, which was now the rank
 Ace at once, then he should have ing card. A Heart lead put dummy
 Newest Auto Attachments! 4b Q962 led the Heart and overtaken it in in and one discard of a Heart was Owners of Star Island
 VAK* Q95 his hand. The second round of obtained on the Club while West Entrance to Causeway Miami Beach
 f 53" Hearts should not have been led trumped with the ten of Diamonds.
 They Dont Have Anything to do With the Constable But 96 until the Diamond finesse was tried,
 Should Help Out in Driving Through Miamis North dealt and bid a Diamond, so that the second Heart will per
 Wild Traffic Zones. East a Spade and South two mit South to re-enter and take out
 Hearts. West and North passed, the opposing trumps before the
 but East, with the biig honor score, next round of Diamonds is play Enjoy Hours More Fun
 bid another Spade and South ed. This method of play would
 have netted ten tricks, as the los
 T RUE, the traffic isnt what it used to be, what with wider streets and bought the contract with a bid of ing Spade and Club could have Live at the Beach
 fewer autos and some of the more insane drivers going back three Hearts. West opened the
 to the farms up in Gawgia, but nevertheless, driving an automobile Spade, East winning with the King been discarded on the set-up Dia
 through the streets of Miami isnt the worlds softest job, not by eight and Ace. The third round was cov monds.
 kettlesful of slacked lime, though just what the eight kettlesful of ered by the Queen, West trumping An alibi that is so often in evi // you move over to MIAMI BEACH you
 slacked lime have to do with this story is something far more than we and leading a low Club. The finesse dence is when a player overbids his can have hours more of fun every week!
 can figure out. It might be pos-4.--------------------------------------------------- of the Queen went to the King and hand and endeavors to mitigate his
 sible to do so, but lack of space them anyway, so everybody should the high Spade taken in. The Club offense with the remark: "Well, Golf courses, tennis courts and the ocean
 makes it impossible, dont you be happy. was then led and won with the partner, we saved the game and are but a few steps away from BEACH
 know. Ace. Three rounds of trumps they had a big honor score." If residents. Play around the links, enjoy a
 To get back to the motif of the P. S.After the rest of this gathered up the enemies holdings the game really would have been set or two on the courts, and take a dip
 piece, as it were, some of our more article had gone to press (hear, and the Diamond finesse proved a lost, the flag-flying may be justi in the surf every morning and evening.
 enterprising automobile accessory hear) one of the menials attached winner, but as South was unable to fiable, but on the following hand, a
 You can do all of these things if you live
 manufacturers have developed a to this establishment rushed in on the BEACH. Everything is so handy!
 new line in their industry in the with the information that he had roaming around in the financial Then, too, you are only a few minutes from
 manufacture of special attachments found a new use for his tire tickler. canyons. FATE your office .... with two causeways offer
 for cars for use in heavy traffic It seems that he was on the 4* <" 4> Calls You to ing ample transportation facilities.
 anywhere and in Miami in par right hand side of the street and Frank Shutts trying to break the PRINCESS ZORAIDA
 ticular. was going to make a lef turn. News. The worlds greatest living Egyptian Prices are lower; hotel rates are stabil
 4>
 4-
 4*
 The first is the saw-tooth tire After he had put his arm out and father playing with his physic, clairvoyant, palmist, crystal ized. Apartment rentals have decreased
 gazer. Gives complete crystal reading
 Proud
 tickler. This is a long steel bar, signalled, a nut came tearing down bouncing baby boy. for $5short time only. forty per cent. The Housing Committee in
 ordinarily kept concealed under the the street and tried to pass him 4- Hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. the Chamber of Commerce building at the
 Closed Sundays
 front fender. It carries a curved before he turned. He pressed his Contortionist turning up his Readings by Appointments BEACH end of the causeway, will gladly
 edge on which there are flocks of tire tickler and had great success. nose. Telephone 7556 help you to find your Beach home.
 real sharp saw teeth. When a Or so the story goes. 4- 4* 412 N. E. FIRST AVE.
 mean motorist comes along and Man nailing a lie. Princess Zoraida is ably assisted by Live at the Beach!
 * *
 cuts right in front of you so you statistician striking an Professor Prescott, Americas fore
 have to slam on the brakes to keep Brutal most Palmist and Astrologist. Miami Beach Chamber of Commerce
 from charging into his rear ex Pictures For the I Jterai average. 4 4* 4"
 posure, you can appreciate the Minded Man on the horns of a dilemma.
 value of this little attachment. 4- 41 41
  housewife making her
 When a nice driver pulls this little Careful
 stunt on you, press a little button, bed, preparatory to lying in it.
 out hops your saw tooth tire Man with a naitae on the tip of 4- + +
 tickler and when he starts to cut his tongue, unable to spit it out. Hardware dealers wife wearing
 in in front of you, his tire scrapes College youth gettitig potted. a tacky dress.
 4"
 4*
 +
 the saw tooth tickler. It is made 41 4> Man who has lost his head.
 of hard and durable steel. Heavy Spinster hooking a ham. 41 4" 4*
 models are especially designed for 41 4" 4* Head wearing crown, lying very
 use against Miami motor busses. Politician soft-soaping a voter. uneasily.
 And youve all been at the head 41 4* 4*
 Sheik unsuccessfully trying to
 of a line of traffic trying to bust kiss a flat tire.
 through another line on a through "fc 41 4> Mr. Business Man:
 street when the fellow behind be Friends, Romans and countrymen Do you need a stenographeror book "Make no little plans.
 gan to toot his horn. By putting lending somebody their ears. keeperor clerk ... for an hour, a
 a Mikledorflinger pump on your 4> 4* 4* day, a week, or permanently? Well
 car, you will quickly discourage A rubber check. supply you. phone us!
 4>
 4"
 4*
 this person. Releasing a lever Man being tickled to death. Business Service Exchange
 Employment Bureau
 starts the pump to working and a 4 4> 4- 105-7 Vail Arcade Phone 32838
 quantity of powdered snuff is re Bulls, bears, lambs, and wolves They have no magic to stir
 leased against the windshield of
 the car behind, enough of it pene
 trating to his olfactory organ to
 cause him to cease activities. mens blood and probably
 The anti-cop tack spreader is
 another handy little attachment. It
 is a simple trap effect which drops Stubby" Kruger
 tacks, barbed wire and similar bits
 of cut glass behind a speeding auto. will never be realized* Make
 Its usage is obvious.
 To save wear and tear on bump World famous comedy
 ers and other folks cars, cushioned
 elbows are now being manufac
 tured for use in parking and un big plans, aim high ... re-
 parking. They are simply short, Swimmer and Diver will
 sturdy steel arms operated on
 springs. When released they push
 against the car ahead or behind appear in
 and provide ample room to get in membering that a noble,
 or out ofthe smallest space.
 And there are a flock of other
 clever attachments being tested in Sundays Water Sports at
 the testing shops of the Miami auto
 accessory manufacturing compan logical diagram, once record
 ies out along 1500 E. Flagler street
 from back seat wideners to a long
 range rifle which will automatic
 ally discharge when a spotlight is
 flashed on a car, hitting the very Roney
 center of the spotlight, but they ed, will never die*"
 haven t been patented as yet and
 we have been asked to say nothing
 Plaza
 about them. BURNHAM
 And no one cares to know about
 Where Service Excels
 and Pools
 Quality Is Paramount Make your plans to include better printing
 by consulting
 PRESTO
 Begining at 12:30 oClock
 Restaurant
 The General Printing
 22 N. E. First Ave.
 "The Home of Good Printing1*
 Surf and Pool Bathing 117 Halcyon Arcade 343 Jefferson Ave.
 Phone 37737 Phone 535
 Miami Miami Beach
 Music
 large tents Dining and Dancing
 Rent
 U. Ffrat
 Phone 22214
 Ar*.
 magic CJTT AWNING WORKS




 Page Seven
 Saturday, January 22, 1927

 ----- LITTLE GERALDINE------- graduate of Keeley. He followed and twelve alligators pass a cer
 tain point in the Everglades every
 Little Geraldines brother said the championship courseIll tell
 | Round the Town | Do You Remember? he was going to get a job as a you the order he took them inand eight days.
 bill collector and Little Geral had played twenty-seven holes
 dine just laughed and laughed when they had to carry him away. The University of Miami had a
 with Rod because she knew from his mail Let me tell you, that man had a greater increase in its student body
 When there were more Lincolns the first of each month that he constitution. If hed really been in 1926 than did Evansville (Ind.)
 and Duesenbergs than Fords down had plenty of experience in condition, I bet he would have college. * *
 town -o made the entire circuit without
 CIVIC THEATER PLAYS missing a single place. He could Dili pickle manufacturers report
 The first three-act play to be ? ? ? still move his left arm, but he
 Before the coming of the Sea that 1926 pickle crop contained
 presented by the Miami Civic board was thought of and when the couldnt talk. Another of the fewer pimples on pickles than in
 theater will be J. M. Barries F. E. C. didnt care whether its In the Editors Mail same? Sure, better get up enough any previous year since 1908.
 steam to make the next harbor."
 "Dear Brutus," which will be trains got in that day or three days * *
 given at the University of Miami later >" WERE FROM NEAR THERE, TOO No automobile race will be post
 on the evenings of January 27 ? ? ? THINGS Not WORTH poned at Fulford speedway this
 SILVER SLIPPERWells and Brady strutting Tree Top Blues When the Roney Plaza Pools Editor Miami Life.: year.
 and 28. Catherine Hoffman, high J as In a recent issue you had an article en KNOWING f *
 wicked and as lasting as the original sin. P"" __ were known as St. Johns casino titled "Back Home News." I heartily dis
 wicked and as lasting as the original sin. Bee Jackson back again
 school girl, protege of Beatrice ? ? ? agree with you. I like Miami, but I cer Miami Herald prints an editorial
 Joy, will have the part of Mar and does she shake that thing? Wednesday night after the first tainly will not stand back and let your page each morning.
 The flop in the season of 1920 paper say such things about my home town
 garet. The Universal Film peo ten Movements, 18 toomen grabbed their escorts and started for the when everybody said Miami had papers. First of all, you just took some The Prins Valdemar carried less * *
 ple would like to have Margaret )( d lights. Al \\ ohlman ad-libbing with all comers and creating real passed its limit and would be on the ones word for all you published. The freight in 1926 than did the Nancy
 for pictures, but her mother fun when he s not shrilling about the green tops. Good orchestra, down grade from then on letters I receive from people in Cleveland Weems Six thousand four hundred and
 says "Latin first." beautiful decorations and perfect management. always ask about Miamis rebuilding and * eleven prize fights have been held
 Cast of the play: Lady Caro ? ? ? one letter in particular states that there Rents in Maine resorts are lower in Miami since somebody or other
 are articles in the papers quite often tell
 line Laney, Mrs. E. T. Dunham; SIXTlt CLUB- Honey Boy Joe King blending his pleasing per When the Miami city basketball ing how well Miami is progressing.............. now than in corresponding resorts started counting them
 Mrs. Coade, Mrs. E. V. Ingra sonality with the perfect atmosphere of the most intimate night club team put in a claim for the state I would appreciate your telling me why in Florida * *
 ham; Mabel Purdieu, Mrs. Wil championship and then Louis Mac- Miami knocks Ohio, and Cleveland espe . and both are just as empty. Miamis doughnut output in
 cially . Cleveland was the first city in
 lard C. Brown; Alice Howard, in the Miami district. Joe Lycel, an excellent singer, Freddie Reab Reynolds couldnt get a decent team the U. S. A. to contribute to Miamis re f f creased 2,508 per cent in 1926 in
 Miss Virginia Howard; Margaret, and Margaret Cook, clever dance artists and Jimmie Peyton and his together to go across the state to lief fund. . Seven thousand three hundred comparison with 1925.
 Catherine Hoffman; Purdie, V. versatile orchestra are all pleasing. If you cant sell her at the Sixty, Tampa and St. Petersburg to Miss E. W.
 Edwards; Matey, John Potter; ask for a transfer. prove it
 Coade, L. O. Dailey; Daerth, ? ? ? JllllllllllllC^IIIIIIIIIIIICSIllIIllillllEJIillllllllllE
 Coulter De Klyn; Lob, Lafayette WEIMER S TA VERNFrankie and Johnnie and Jake, the plumb- Any of the weekly magazines Impressions of Nassau
 Betts. Howard Southgate will ei and all the boys with the round haircuts frolicking in a hot dog which sprang up here last winter
 direct the plays. Denman Fink atmosphere. Check your guns and spurs and take a chance. and the summer preceding (By one who has never been there)
 and A. W. Jones are making the ? ? ? IIIIIII1IIIIIC1IIIIIIIIIIIIC3IIIIIIIIIIIIC3IIIIIIIIIIIIC
 sets. T A VIDA, IN HIALEAHThe Downs sisters. Pretty song birds When Mission Boy, Racing Ramp
 warbling pretty melodies in Tony Lamantia's beautiful Blue and and Alabama Joe were the worlds At the information booth, located
 ARTISTS TO FROLIC at the foot of the gang-plank. "The
 Gold playhouse. greatest greyhounds nearest one is right on the corner 222 W. FLAG'LL <STtET  PHONF3d62l. j
 Two thousand invitations are ? ? ? there, but there are three or four
 being prepared for the Fifth An MOVIE INNThe place which made Stan Comstock forget he When the seaplane line made in every block. Now if you want
 nual Masque Dinner Dance and had a wife and where Connie Almy found a new meal ticket. Oh, love, regular trips to Bimini the largest bar ingood heavens,
 where is thy conscience? Pete Crossland, who writes the "Low Down" fr
 Artists Frolic of the Tropical says its worth a play. ? ? ? wont they ever wait till I get
 League of Fine Arts to be held When Captain Vail ran the through talking?"
 The man behind the nearest one:
 MON 1 MARTEA good show with Joe Hamm doing everything Steamboat hotel along the Miami
 at the Fleet wood hotel February to please his patrons. "So you think youll make the Robert Clay Dining Room
 1, Tuesday, at 8 p. m., Judge river rounds? Well, since you ask, the
 William E. Walsh, of Miami OLYMPIA THEATREMagnificent in every detail. Fine sym ? ? ? record was set in 1924, by a recent Catering to the Discriminating
 Beach, announced yesterday. Pro phony orchestra and Sanley Malotte at the big wind organ. One of Villa Biscayne Table DHoteA la CarteMusic
 ceeds of the ball will be used for our clever columnists was sorta harsh with this boy Malotte last week ? ? ? Cine-Kodak FREE PARKING
 scholarships at the University of and personally we cant grow hysterical over him either but he stops When the Masons organized
 Miami. the show at every performance and that, of course, is really what hack in the summer of 1896 (Moving Picture)
 This ball is usually taken by counts. NewNever UsedNew Robert Clay HotelFort Dallas Park
 the country at large as typical ? ? ? 20% Discount
 of the frolics of South Florida ASA GRANDEUp on the Dixie. Old timer Allison aided and When the Chamber of Commerce Also ProjectorSee Mr. Mat
 in the winter, and the program, abetted by Derby Jimmie Hodges serving a salad of jazz, fun first adopted that "Its Always 201 East Flagler
 dinner, decoration, stunts, novel and dance. June in Miami" slogan On Monday
 ties and costumes will be devel ? ? ? Advertisement
 oped by tradition, according to C MERRICKS COUNTRY CLUBA perfect spot in the heart of When C. J. Rose first started HAVE YOU TRIED
 the Gables. The Jovial Jan Garber and his crew of troubadours fur
 the committee. Arrangements nish sweet music amid gorgeous tropical surroundings. Biltmore serv manufacture concrete blocks
 and table reservations will be ice and atmosphere. ? ? ?
 made through Edgar Louis The Wayside Cafeteria
 Keuling, vice president and di HOTEL ANTILLAWhere society gathers for their bridge and Fulfords Belgian chimes
 rector of activities, at the Nau gossips to the "Harmony" of Joe Astoria's minstrels. ? ? ? 1558-60 Alton RoadMiami Beach
 tilus Flower Shop. All of Miami Beachs ex-chiefs
 RONEY PLAZA POOLSThanks, Newt, you sure fixed the old of police (Close to the Flamingo and Lincoln Road)
 AINT IT STRANGE? swimmin hole up mighty fine.
 C. Lundstrom will hardly do CAPITOL THEATREMeyer and Wolfsons cinema palace. Your OPENING OF STRICTLY HOME COOKED FOOD at moderate prices.
 for Miami, or else he is the fore moneys worth and a little bit more. 9 Just try it once and you will join our growing list of satisfied
 runner of a new order. VENETIAN POOLS, CORAL GABLESMore gorgeous and en- Paramount s patrons.
 Mr. Lundstrom comes from trancing than the baths of the Roman Emperors. W. A. PERKINS, Proprietor
 Chicago. He landed here during Prescription
 CINDERELLA BALLROOMThe finest auditorium devoted to
 'the days when no man made the danse in America. Service Dining Room
 less than two thousand an hour
 and he got his share. He built RAINBOW GARDENSAt the foot of the causeway. Offering Has been the chief factor in our 1008 Fourth Street
 apartments and offered them to quite excellent entertainment at moderate prices. business success
 the public as a place to reside. Our department is conducted on a Miami Beach Coral Gables Golf and Country Club
 Leases and7 such he didnt BISCAYNE FRONTON-Descendants of the Cid casting the goat
 bother with. He inserted an ad skin pill about in perfect time with the clinking of the pari-mutuels. strictly scientific basis. We fill pre
 scriptions properly or not at nil.
 in Miami Life, calling attention Good sport. Good odds. STRICTLY HOME
 to the Bankers Park Apart MIAMI JOCKEY CLUBBang tails beating the barrier and "Call On Us Every Time" COOKED MEALS JAN GARBER
 ments, 328 N. E. 28th street, Herald photographers shooting Joe Smoot and all of the Big and But
 and invited the public to move ter and Eggers who attend. AND
 in. Right in Miramar, near the Luncheon 11:30 until 2 p. m.
 bay. BISCAYNE, SOUTH MIAMI, AND MIAMI KENNEL CLUB 50c His Victor-Recording Orchestra
 And when the other landlords Coursing hounds acting very human chasing a "something they never _H'OME DRUG <STORE
 shouted the winter season is catch and fighting over it. Dinner 5 until 8 p. m., 75c Every Week Night
 here, and rents must be advanced, 200 N. E. 2nd Ave.
 Mr. Lundstrom came back with Home Made Pies 10 til 2
 a snappy one: "Rents are too BAD BREAKS OF 1926 Phone 6705 and Cakes
 high." And so he reduced the Spanish Dance
 price of three-room apartments Somebody corked up the channel: Gardens
 And lumber went up in the air.
 to $60.00 per month, including The bottom fell out of real estate. OLYMPIA
 gas and light. And broke all our millionaires. Dinner Dance Every
 And that kind of landlord is
 entitled to be mentioned. Weve had quite a serious problem; WORLD ELECTRIC CO Evening
 we cant just seem to agree.
 And .. ____ ____ _
 As to how many miles it would really take SUN.MON.TUES.WED
 HERES TWO NEW ONES To bring Fulford up to the Sea. ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS Garbers Orchestra
 OBerry, who specializes in the A man put a package right under a house; Lon Chaney Everything electrical. Estimates furnished free. All work 7 to 8:45
 dolling of ladies feet and gents In Hialeah one dark night. guaranteed.
 hoofs, announces the opening of And Geraldine laughed and grinned to 112 BISCAYNE STREET, MIAMI BEACH, FLORIDA JAN Dinner, $2.00
 herself;
 a new bootery at 28 N. E. First Cause she knew it was dynamite. in No Convert Charge
 street; which should dispel all
 doubts about Miamians getting Then cotton came down and so did the "TELL IT TO THE
 banks;
 back on their feet again. And took all our savings away. MARINES" Wednesday and Saturday Afternoon Tea Dansant
 While Kimi S. Iwama, not sat Now how in the hell can a man write a DR. F. B. DUDLEY, DENTIST
 isfied with the decorations and check; Garbers Orchestra4:30 till 6
 fixtures of his new store, 50 East When the bankers refuse to pay? THURS.FRI.SAT. Announces New Location Service a la carte
 Flagler street, closed it up and Phone E. Flagler St.
 is now ready to reopen with a And the CausewayThe Causeway ; 3-3481 201 Lorraine Arcade Miami, Fla. Sunday Evening Dinner Concert
 My Gaud what a cross we must bear.
 brand new stock of specialties This sideThat sideBoth sides at once; Pola Negri Opposite First National Bank Bldg. GARBERS ORCHESTRA, 7 to 9
 displayed in brand new surround I ask you, my friends, is it fair? Dinner, $2.50, No Couvert Charge
 ings. And just as a gentle reminder; in
 For those who dont understand.
 .-.-.W.V.W.SW.'W-W-W- We had a big blow here in September. "HOTEL IMPERIAL
 And were just digging out of the sand. WITH Coral Gables Golf and Country Club
 P.O.E.T.R.Y Now heres to the knockers, who say that A Paramount Special HARRY ROGERS Phone C. G. 66
 were done; Anywhere :: Any Time
 And here to the people who know
 Or What Have You? If the game is too big, and the stakes are Foot 8th St. & Biscayne Blvd.
 too high; Day Phone 3-5474. Night 8075
 Just draw out your quarter and blow. TEMPLE
 AFTER WHITTIERS BAREFOOT BOY
 Ive heard that we all must have crosses ANTILLA
 To carry until we are dead.
 LESSINGS on you. little girl, But somebody slipped us the joker,
 JLz Face all paint, hair all curl. Cause the one were carrying is Red. Opening Monday Night
 Varsity allows you to wear no hose, H. O. L. The Original
 Beach permits you leave off clothes. DON LANNING HOTEL
 The sun puts on a coat of tan
 That makes you look like a little man. Miami Life is Read, Not Skimmed.
 Lip sticks make your lips more red, and Company of 40 in the Musi-al Little Joes Restaurant
 Never a hat upon your head. Success Jo Astorias
 Face of tan with shingle hair,
 Swinging slick with blase air. "PLAIN JANE Re-Opened at New Location
 Short tight skirts above the knees. How Would You Feel? All Soloist Orchestra
 The more limbs show, the more they pleaie. 'i 0 161 Washington Avenue, Corner Second Street
 Skirts with pocket on the hip J JUTES a highly respected  FEATURES THE
 Powdered nose and painted lip 2 young man in the com- I 0 MIAMI BEACH
 Trying to dress like a man, WEEK OF FEB. 2ND Nightly Dinner Dance
 Doing the stunts that some girls can J munity. Plays the organ in  We Are Again Serving Those Delicious Steaks, Chops and
 Smoking cigarettes, drinking booze 2 one of the big churches. Moved I 0 "WHAT PRICE 7 till 11
 Scanning the papers for latest news Chicken, and Specializing, as Usual, with Our
 As to where to go, to get more fun I] out in Allapattah not so long o Fresh Sea Foods
 Then what to do next, when that is done.  ago on a rather sparsely set- 0 GLORY?" Dinner, $1.50
 Midnight dinners at wayside inns. o "THE ORIGINAL LITTLE JOE" Phone Reservations C. G. 200
 "Hot dog" sandwiches when the trip begins. | tied street.
 No milk and bread in a wooden bowl,  Some neighbors moved in 0
 No pewter spoon, why bless my soul,
 Pewter is a word they have never heard. 0 soon after on the same street O Sunday Evening Dinner Concert
 wv, wrv
 Milk shakes in which a "stick is stirred.  and so now our I highly re- I Astorias Orchestra7 TUI 9
 has had to *
 0spected young man__ ____
 Still lovable are our little "chickens" Dancing Cabaret Dining Dinner, $1.59N Couvert Charge
 Their intentions are good, but the little o move out.
 dickens.
 Know how to camouflage and get by The neighbor happened to
 When they know they have shocked the  have the same name as the Tonight And Every Night
 prudent eye! Venetian Casino and Pool
 In the universities they hold their own, I young manbut that wasn't
 In athletics and games their skill is shown o all for the neighbor of the 4 Till 6
 All the "ologies" and "isms," that books 1 church organist is one of the 9 P. M. Till Closing
 can divine
 Are met with their minds, devoured with o biggest bootleggers in town. AFTERNOON CONCERTS
 their eyes.
 In accidents they can give first aid THE SIXTY CLUB, Inc,
 For emergencies, their plans are laid. JO ASTORIAS ORCHESTRA
 So blessings on you, little girl,
 When we meet you, our heart is awhirl, icture
 Lounge and dance, when you can, Refreshments a la carte
 Look vour prettiest, and catch you a man. Also Operating Helene Hotel
 MRS. W. E. L. SWIMMING
 runin DANCING
 SANDY McTA VISIT McQUEECH Beautiful Room at Reasonable Rates BRIDGE
 I sing of the tragic fate of Mac- TEA
 Queech. 1100 15th St., Corner Lenox Ave.
 Stranger, pause a while and note Phone 6156 Parking Is No Problem in
 The grave of the only man on the MIAMI BEACH Phone 6156 i Coral Gables
 beach Coral Gables Hotels < Corporation
 Who wasnt registered to vote.
 8
 I





 Saturday, January 22, 1927.
 Page Eight
 the residence. Such notable play times, but nowadays they are tht
 ers as Molla dont come often, and
 Things I'd Like To Know? MIAMI LIFES naturally ought to be much feted excuse for the most pleasantly in.
 formal supper parties. Last Sun
 HALL OF FAME when they do. days prettiest affair was the but.
 0 Stepping In Society * *
 CTJAVE J. HEFFERNAN. fet supper, given by Mrs. Margaret
 o Once upon a time Sunday niahts Hurt, in honor of her daught
 0 judge of the Miami Mu were thought of as rather dull Mrs. Malcolm Meacham.
 nicipal court, is Miami Lifes with June Jasmine
 o
 0 selection for its hall of fame
 this week.
 o BECAUSE:
 0
 He is a real man. H HUM, what to doivhat to do-something that hasnt been Tourists Directory
 His decisions are 100 per
 Have you tasted an OHanna- the papers about her Chicago J cent fair. donewith this as the problem to meet, 1 understand that
 trip some of societys favorite members have started out to try a few of
 gan yet ? ? ? ? ? ? I His sense of humor is in Travel Facilities
 How Esther gets that way fectious. the amusements of the "flappers" of long ago. H otels
 If Emma Lou will succeed in ? ? ? His sternness is impene Anyway, hooking rag rugs is becoming a popular pastime. And
 getting her picture in the papers How much George Markley lost 0 trable. it may be expected that soon Milady's boudoir will have some of
 soon, and if that is why she says playing poker with the pretty o He is a true sportsman.
 Miami is such a hick town 0 He loves his work. these quaint hand-made affairsthough the fad is likely to die out HAVANA
 blonde
  ? ? ? ? ? o His fearlessness is out- before very many rugs are made,+~ With Miamis Oldest and Most Pop
 How the typist who has pur If Joe and Johnnie didnt do 0 standing. if the usual fickleness of a femi affair of the afternoon, entertain ular Touring Company
 chased three party dresses from their bit toward charity Friday o His friends number thou nine nature holds out. ing 26 at her table. ALL EXPENSE TOURS
 various shops and then returned night 0 sands. * $68 $87.50 4-5-6-Day Tours
 them after wearing them once, ? ? ? o And, he likes pretzels. The idea all originated with This year the Fred A. Poors are 4-Day 5-Day S75$958115 _____
 __ ____, _
 srets away with it Why Sheriff Chase didnt stage Helen Beckwith of Cocoa, who re Mon., Wed., Fri. Get our new 12-page folder. It
 gives complete and definite infor-
 6 777 turned, as sweet as ever, for an living on their beautiful yacht, The Personally Escorted
 his Christmas Eve football Granada IV, which is anchored in mation that will not mislead you.
 Whose classy Stutz Juanita statement from the other side all-too-brief visit with Miami All Expenses Included
 and Dorothy were in the other game at the Coral Gables sta now. friends, Judge and Helen Freelund, front of their N. Bay road home. INDEPENDENT TOURS
 $27 Plus Tax
 * *
 dium
 night ? ? ? the Walter Harris and the George It Pays to Investigate Hotel and Such Service as You
 9 9? An absolute cure for nervous McCaskills. Select
 What Lou and his girl friend ness was discovered this week at Helen had a rug making com 1 p AH, names of "the elect" are Mitchells Tours
 now outwe refer to the
 (ESTABLISHED 1912)
 were doing in the large green the Jackson Memorial hospital. plex, and gathering together some Junior League, about which society 30 S. E. Second Avenue Jones Tours
 car Sunday night Through the Alleys Wm. G. Scoville, who had been of her friends, went out to see the i is supposed to have been palpitat Phone 3-1303. Miami, Fla. 89 N. E. 2nd Ave. Pliorie 9472
 ? ? 7 under treatment at the institu lady who makes such lovely ones ing, while deep secrecy shrouded
 Why Joe works so hard these tion for a week, was pronounced to sell in one of the Miami Bilt the selections.
 days of Miami cured Wednesday noon and re more shops. Well, the result was
 ? ? 7 leased. On the way home he that all the friends fell for the fad, And now everyone is discussing
 Where Sid disappeared to dropped dead. and upon the promise of the "rug the selections pro and con, there
 seeming to be quite a bit of doubt
 ? ? ? * making lady" to instruct, a class in the minds of many as to the THIRD CRUISE
 If Dorothy kept her date the TF THOSE fashion designers who Speaking of radio hypnotizers was formed on the spot.
 other night dictate womens clothes arent reminds us of the fellow who or * miles followed in choosing, just
 ? ? ? careful theyll work themselves out dered a bottle of hootch over the why some were taken in and some
 Why Captain Mac is looking of their job. * radio, and got paralyzed. F ROM all sides I hear that the left out. Also it seems to be a Nassau - Havana
 for his girl * opening of the Cloister at Boca ; matter of discussion as to why the
 prevalence of the married in the
 ? ? ? Now that the county commis Raton this year was just about the
 If the Miami woman is happy sioners are repairing the holes in From the looks of those freshly classiest thing yet. Such celebri "Junior league." Sailing from Miami Wednesday, January 26
 since Rufus is back their newly paved causeway, we painted city street cars it appears ties as Irving Berlin and Anita * The Palatial
 ? ? ? hope theyll leave the tools handy they didnt care what color they Loos came from New York; Palm
 painted em just so they go the Beachs cream turned out: all in T-TONORING Molla Mallory, in
 ______
 How Dinny, Joe and Dick for the next batch of holes. job done. S. S. "NEW NORTHLAND"
 liked Cuba and if Joe will fight all it was quit- the thing. private life Mrs. Franklin I. (Britsh Registry)
 any more Man-o-Wars The Miami Herald, in its edi Among the Miamians who at- Mallory, Mrs. T. T. Ansberry gave Your hotel throughout the Cruise. Full day in Nassau
 several affairs last week, which
 ? ? ? torial columns of yesterday, makes That radio hypnotizer, who is tended were the Vance Helms and
 Why all the secrecy about Car the I. C. Elstons. loomed interestingly on the social three in Havana. No baggage transfer. All outside
 calendar, one being a dinner at the
 lottas return to the Beach Palm Island club, another, a din cabins, many with twin beds, private baths.
 ? ? ? THE L O W DOWN The William Bolles family has
 How much Stanley Comstock returned to their home on Pine ner at the attractive Ansberry Also local tickets between way ports
 pays out for his publicity each Tree drive, after a lengthy ab home and the third a tea, also at Miami Travel Bureau
 year, and if the stories concern sence, having last year deserted
 ing him dont sound like "gush-  On the Weeks Happenings / the Beach for a trip through the General Agents
 ings of a school-girl" Mediterranean, taking along their 158 S. E. First Street
 ? 9 ?
 i An acute liquor shortage is reported in Miami and vicinity % two-year-old boy. Lloyd and Ann Phone 3-1707
 If a certain suite at the Nau 5 . bootleggers lay the blame to an unusually rough sea are in northern schools, just like
 tilus is enjoying as much popu  * Jitney bus war breaks out again when Power Company Billy, a strapping chap for his Miami Beach
 larity this year as it did last "C busses shift from designated runs * That oil well which was % years, who is with them. Im told me Consolidated S. S. Agency
 7 7 7
 What Dicks idea of a 1930 girl J1 supposed to come in three weeks ago hasnt arrived yet . a" Mrs. Bolles looks perfectly splen Venetian 232 Fifth Street
  did, the trip seeming to have been
 but the oil lease sellers have plenty of confidenceand leases
 %
 is, and if he has found any yet JS * It looks like the Daily News has got Stanley Comstock and ? most excellent for her. Phone M. B. 537
 7 7 7 V *
 If it wouldnt be well for Hank J Connie Almy out on the end of a limb and doesnt know how to (Causeway)
 to ascertain the veracity of that I "a get em back . they're not married yet, you know *  HPEA gardens of the Nautilus ho-
 Business has become so good with that Northeast Second avenue
 story before he circulates it any auction jewelry store which has been selling out for the last " tel will be opened on Satur Bridge
 more two years that it was forced to open a branch store on Flagler ? day afternoon, providing another
 ? ? ? pleasant rendezvous. Mrs. Bur
 If Hugh thinks he is fooling street * Didnt they hush that prohibition "hi-jacking" scan- % ton S. Hooker will have the largest
 : nyone dal up in a hurry? * Well, half of those causeway holes are The Short Quick
 7 7 7 repaired, anyway * A bombshell is due to explode in Dade c H AVANA A
 Why Larry got so clubby with county shortly . its a secret, but there appears to be a J Way I
 the newspaper photographers at department of justice investigation under way, and when its all " Burgundy & Oporto Grapes 11 TOURS
 the races Wednesday, and if it 18 over, well probably read of a huge liquor ring, and the indict-  Tamiami Malt House to
 possible he wanted his picture in ment of a former law enforcement officer, and maybe some Zr Congenial parties leaving each
 the papers others * After six weeks of extensive investigation, our in- ? In concentrated liquid form. Malt, Miami Beach Monday, Wednesday, Friday
 7 7 7 quisitive reporter has discovered why Sheriff Chase bought a " Steamship Tickets
 If Ralph is serious in his atten new shirt the day after Christmas * Business may be bad, a hops, cappers, bottles, etc. Why Not Join Us?
 601 S. W. 8th St.
 tions to the nurse, or if the so but two or three new picture shows, half a dozen cabarets, an- "H Personally conducted and priced To All Parts of the World
 within the reach of everyone. All
 ciety girl will be his final choice other auction jewelry store and five sandwich shops opened up bb expenses included.
 7 7 7 this week * Prohibition men visited Weimers the other /- United Tour Co.
 If Blair thinks his new fiancee night * MORE NEXT M EEK. > Stewarts Tours
 will be taken up by his former E take pride in having furnished and installed the carpet 163 S. E. First St. 122 S. E. First St. Phone 5597.
 wifes friends W in OBerrys new store. Urmey Hotel Bldg. 14 S. E. Second Ave. Phone 8812
 Miami, Fla.
 ? ? ? note of unemployment in Miami. taking so much credit for putting
 If the girl whom Jack took out Now if that editorial writer would people to sleep over radio, would Miami Carpet Cleaning and Laying Co.
 to dinner didnt find that it is either resign from his judgeship make a better hit if hed learn how
 431 N. W. 3rd Ave.
 PHONE 3-5911
 Miami, Fla.
 the girl who pays, and if she ever or give up his newspaper position, to wake folks up. _________________________________________ _____ __________________ / William Penn Hotel
 got her money back that woutd make a job for one of * *
 7 ? 7 the unemployed. FAMOUS LAST REMARKS:
 How soon Luella will call up * "Heres a sure tip." Miami Beach European Plan
 another man and ask him for a ATTENTION HUSBANDS!
 date WANTEDSeveral wild cats. Miami Life is Read, Not Skimmed. 110 Rooms 110 Baths
 ? ? ? See Mr. Dunaway, care Wild
 Where Phil Berry finds so Cat, Tamiami Trail and Red The Cinderella Two blocks from the ocean, in the heart of shopping district.
 many pretty girls Road. (Herald Classified.) 4 Attractive rates, single or en suite.
 ? ? ? * Sash Doors,
 How much time the young This sign was seen on a negros H. H. MASE, Managing Director. WM. J. LOWE, Mgr.
 Beach lawyer spends waiting at transfer wagon"Licens Aplide Salon de Dance June to October
 a certain corner during the run Fer." Millwork
 of a week * N. W. 2nd St. at Miami Ave. REXMERE CLUB HOTEL HOTEL CHURCHILL
 ? ? ? A Daily News headline says: Stamford-in-the-Catskills, N. Y.' Stamford-in-the-Catskills, N. Y.
 When Dan will discover that "Girl that Lafayette Hugged Cen : Moulding and I SATURDAY NIGHTContinuous dancing. Two orchestras. Ed
 telephone poles will nut dents in tury Ago Dies at 109." She prob die Peytons Dixie Dandies alternating with Joe Goldin's
 the best of Lincolns, if run into ably died of grief. Atlantic City Orchestra.
 at a certain angle. * T rim
 ? ? 7 Judge Heffernan of the Muni SUNDAY NIGHTDancing and Entertaining Features from 9 hotel McAllister
 If the telephone operator at a cipal court sentenced a negro to til 12.
 dtwn-town hotel doesnt miss four months in jail the other day. at ADMISSIONLadies 50c, Gentlemen $1.00 (tax paid). Satur I
 these daily calls from room 383, In passing judgement he said, "60 daysLadies 75c, Gentlemen $1.50 (tax paid). Special rates
 and also those frequent boxes days, and 60, and 60 and 60." Greatly Reduced for parties of 50 or more. DINNER DANCES
 of eandy to insure secrecy it '.ledge, was yo stuttering, or c^VaV^.tA\,>W/A\WA'/o.V>VAV//AVA,.V1i.WA,/A
 ? ? ? do ah get all of dem 60 days?"
 Why Vhe sheikish young man asked the negro. Prices
 isnt mon discreet * Every Evening From 7 Until 11 o Clock
 ? ? ?
 If the yoxmg man who put his All the newspapers published a Frames $3.75 up
 wife out of his car at S. W. statement from the Red Cross in the Beautiful Blue Room
 this week. Wed like to hear a
 wife out of his car late Wednes Panel Doors French Doors
 day night would have been so $2.50 $6.00
 ungallart with his secretary (Seconds) (Seconds)
 7 ? 7 Phone and Mail Privilege Service EXCELLENT FOODGOOD MUSIC
 Boxes $5 Month
 How Claadia gets that way
 7 ? <J VIOLA JOY JONES Miami Sash Door
 How the self important W. Public Stenographer Wonderful Dance Floor
 liked to be "ainong those pres Notary Public 5 & Millwork Co
 ent" at the recent party, at Legal, General, Mimeographing, MMS., 24 S. W. First Ave.
 Specifications
 which he thought he was the 905 Huntington Bldg. Phone 38525 No Convert Charge
 hit of the evening __________ J WA.'..
 7 7 ?
 If Silver Bluff doesrt hold a Music by Mannie Gates* Orchestra
 strong attraction for the promi- BEST LOCATED APARTMENTS IN MIAMI FEATURING
 nent middle-aged tile ma. to $90 per month, including electric lights, gas to
 7 7 7 cook by and hot water, also use of laundry and ERNIE YOUNGS Formerly with Jimmy Hodges
 Why Walter gets so many $50.00 drying room. The finest three-room apartments
 in the Miramar Section, acknowledged the cream
 manicures these days of location in the city. We only have few vacan
 ? ? ? Apartments for Adults cies out of 32 apartments, and are making this RAINBOW REVUE Guy Lavender, Mgr.
 special price to permanent residents of Miami.
 Why Lucy, of S. W. Twelfth Phone 9654 APARTMENTS, 328-336 N. E. 28TH ST. Produced by Mack Wells Gustav Muller, Pres.
 BANKERS PARK
 street, didnt want the item in
 / "The Biggest Show in Town
 Corner Biscayne Boulevard and Flagler St
 We Are Going EMMETT MERRILL
 Out of Business Master of Ceremonies Phone 6151
 DINING AND DANCING
 <?ur bargains are such
 that other merchants are Plenty of Parking Space
 trymg to imitate us. See Phone 9388 Admission $1 and Tax
 the bargains for yourself.
 Friendship League Sunday, January 30"
 Halcyon Mens
 Shop Attraction Extraordinary! OFFORD
 Halcyon Arcade The Most Distinctive Waterfront
 143 E. Flagler St. Directly on the Ocean at J4th St.
 Property on the Ocean Front Coming January 28
 O<ZZZZ>O Margaret White Perfect cuisine, homelike appointments, charming social atmos
 A limited number of waterfront plots phere. Private bathing beach. Dancing nightly in new Spanish
 Tea Garden with syncopation by the Music Weavers. Specia
 now offeredfor a limited time only at The Only Mistress of Ceremony Tea Dansants Sunday afternoons, 4:30 to 6.
 Consoltation Dally original sale price. in the United States
 Personal Affairs Direct from College Inn, Chicago Moderate American Plan Rates
 < 1253 N~ W- SIXTH STREET



